A holiday home letting agent wants to create a website that offers a wide range of holiday homes for rent. The letting agent believes that a number of other competitors may be rolling out a similar site over the coming year and is very anxious to get the site up and running as soon as possible. The website, called “Global Holiday Homes”, will allow customers to browse and book available holiday homes. It will also allow owners to upload and offer their own properties for rent at specific times throughout the year. An owner of a holiday home should be able to manage their holiday home data onto the website, for example specifying the dates the holiday home is available and the price per week. Customers can search (by entering appropriate search criteria such as location, available dates, price, etc.) or browse through the available holiday homes. Typical attributes of the properties are location, available dates, number of bedrooms, number of beds, facilities (e.g. cooking, washing, fitness) – you must add to these as your domain knowledge increases. To book a holiday home the customer selects the holiday home they wish to rent and the dates. They can pay for it online using a credit card. The agent would also like an enquiry service, where potential customers can submit queries online regarding specific properties. The agent can deal with these queries directly, or they can be automatically directed to the property owner via email. The responses must be sent to the customer via email. Note that returning customers are to be offered a 5% discount on holiday homes.
